Homework-week-1/README.md, before:

# Homework-week-1

## Description 

This is a website that showcases what I have learnt in the first two weeks of this coding bootcamp.

Within the header we have a navigation bar which takes us to a different page. Each page demonstrates a different topic we covered in class, from simple understanding of html tags to flex box. 

The future of this project is to make it responsive and develop it further as I progress in the course. 


## Usage 

![ScreenShot](assets/images/Screenshot.png)



## License

Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the [MIT] license.
MIT License

Copyright (c) [2019]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

Commit message:

Included link to website in README

Homework-week-1/README.md, after:

# Homework-week-1

## Description 

This is a website that showcases what I have learnt in the first two weeks of this coding bootcamp.

Within the header we have a navigation bar which takes us to a different page. Each page demonstrates a different topic we covered in class, from simple understanding of html tags to flex box. 

The future of this project is to make it responsive and develop it further as I progress in the course. 


## Usage 

![ScreenShot](assets/images/Screenshot.png)


## Link

To experience the website first hand follow this link [Nils224.github.io/Homework-week-1/](https://nils224.github.io/Homework-week-1/).

## License

Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the [MIT] license.
MIT License

Copyright (c) [2019]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---
